Overdiagnosis
================
Oscar J Ponce & Eddy Lincango
5/18/2020

## R Packages

`metafor`:[package](http://www.metafor-project.org/doku.php) used to
perform the analysis.

`forestplot`:[package](https://cran.r-project.org/web/packages/forestplot/forestplot.pdf)
used to create forest plots.

`R markdown`: [package](https://rmarkdown.rstudio.com/) used to analyze
and share all documents on www.github.com(<http://github.com/>)

`Tidyverse`: [package](https://tidyverse.tidyverse.org/) used to
organize some data.

## Analysis codes

> [Click here to view our full script available as `R Markdown`
> file](https://github.com/ponceoscarj/Overdiagnosis/blob/master/Overdiagnosis.Rmd)

## Raw data

> [Click here to view our raw data available as `.CSV`
> file](https://github.com/ponceoscarj/Overdiagnosis/blob/master/Data/overdiagnosis_excel.csv)

# Summary of forest plots

**Figure 1. Incidental diagnosis in patients with Thyroid Cancer by
population group**
![](Output%20Figures/summary_overall_forestplots-1.svg)<!-- -->

**Figure 2. Imaging and Histological Incidental diagnosis in patients
with Thyroid Cancer by population group**
![](Output%20Figures/summary_Imaging_Histological_forestplots-1.svg)<!-- -->

# Supplementary Figures

**These graphs were used to generate the summary of forest plots
presented in the published article <link>**

## Suppl. Figures using Freeman-Tukey (FT) analysis

> Overall incidental diagnosis

<details>

<summary> Suppl. Figure 1: (FT) Frequency of Incidental diagnosis in
patients with TC </summary>

<p>

![](Output%20Figures/ft_incidental_overall-1.svg)<!-- -->

</p>

</details>

<details>

<summary> Suppl. Figure 2: (FT) Frequency of Incidental diagnosis in
Male patients with TC </summary>

<p>

![](Output%20Figures/ft_incidental_male-1.svg)<!-- -->

</p>

</details>

<details>

<summary> Suppl. Figure 3: (FT) Frequency of Incidental diagnosis in
Female patients with TC </summary>

<p>

![](Output%20Figures/ft_incidental_female-1.svg)<!-- -->

</p>

</details>

<details>

<summary> Suppl. Figure 4: (FT) Frequency of Incidental diagnosis in
patients with TC and tumor size \>10mm </summary>

<p>

![](Output%20Figures/ft_incidental_greater10-1.svg)<!-- -->

</p>

</details>

<details>

<summary> Suppl. Figure 5: (FT) Frequency of Incidental diagnosis in
patients with TC and tumor size \<10mm </summary>

<p>

![](Output%20Figures/ft_incidental_less10-1.svg)<!-- -->

</p>

</details>

<details>

<summary> Suppl. Figure 6: (FT) Frequency of Incidental diagnosis in
patients with TC from the USA </summary>

<p>

![](Output%20Figures/ft_incidental_USA-1.svg)<!-- -->

</p>

</details>

<details>

<summary> Suppl. Figure 7: (FT) Frequency of Incidental diagnosis in
patients with TC from a non-USA country </summary>

<p>

![](Output%20Figures/ft_incidental_nonUSA-1.svg)<!-- -->

</p>

</details>

<details>

<summary> Suppl. Figure 8: (FT) Frequency of Incidental diagnosis in
patients with TC from population based studies </summary>

<p>

![](Output%20Figures/ft_incidental_pop-1.svg)<!-- -->

</p>

</details>

<details>

<summary> Suppl. Figure 9: (FT) Frequency of Incidental diagnosis in
patients with TC from non-population-based studies </summary>

<p>

![](Output%20Figures/ft_incidental_nonpop-1.svg)<!-- -->

</p>

</details>

<br />

> Imaging incidental diagnosis

<details>

<summary> Suppl. Figure 10: (FT) Frequency of Incidental diagnosis in
patients with TC </summary>

<p>

![](Output%20Figures/ft_imaging_overall-1.svg)<!-- -->

</p>

</details>

<details>

<summary> Suppl. Figure 11: (FT) Frequency of Incidental imaging
diagnosis in Male patients with TC </summary>

<p>

![](Output%20Figures/ft_imaging_male-1.svg)<!-- -->

</p>

</details>

<details>

<summary> Suppl. Figure 12: (FT) Frequency of Incidental imaging
diagnosis in Female patients with TC </summary>

<p>

![](Output%20Figures/ft_imaging_female-1.svg)<!-- -->

</p>

</details>

<details>

<summary> Suppl. Figure 13: (FT) Frequency of Incidental imaging
diagnosis in patients with TC and tumor size \>10mm </summary>

<p>

![](Output%20Figures/ft_imaging_greater10-1.svg)<!-- -->

</p>

</details>

<details>

<summary> Suppl. Figure 14: (FT) Frequency of Incidental imaging
diagnosis in patients with TC and tumor size \<10mm </summary>

<p>

![](Output%20Figures/ft_imaging_less10-1.svg)<!-- -->

</p>

</details>

<details>

<summary> Suppl. Figure 15: (FT) Frequency of Incidental imaging
diagnosis in patients with TC from the USA </summary>

<p>

![](Output%20Figures/ft_imaging_USA-1.svg)<!-- -->

</p>

</details>

<details>

<summary> Suppl. Figure 16: (FT) Frequency of Incidental imaging
diagnosis in patients with TC from a non-USA country </summary>

<p>

![](Output%20Figures/ft_imaging_nonUSA-1.svg)<!-- -->

</p>

</details>

<details>

<summary> Suppl. Figure 17: (FT) Frequency of Incidental imaging
diagnosis in patients with TC from population based studies </summary>

<p>

![](Output%20Figures/ft_imaging_pop-1.svg)<!-- -->

</p>

</details>

<details>

<summary> Suppl. Figure 18: (FT) Frequency of Incidental imaging
diagnosis in patients with TC from non-population-based studies
</summary>

<p>

![](Output%20Figures/ft_imaging_nonpop-1.svg)<!-- -->

</p>

</details>

<br />

> Ultrasound incidental diagnosis

<details>

<summary> Suppl. Figure 19: (FT) Frequency of Incidental Ultrasound
diagnosis in patients with TC </summary>

<p>

![](Output%20Figures/ft_ultrasound_overall-1.svg)<!-- -->

</p>

</details>

<br />

> CT incidental diagnosis

<details>

<summary> Suppl. Figure 19: (FT) Frequency of Incidental Computed
Tomography Scan diagnosis in patients with TC </summary>

<p>

![](Output%20Figures/ft_CT_overall-1.svg)<!-- -->

</p>

</details>

<br />

> PET incidental diagnosis

<details>

<summary> Suppl. Figure 20: (FT) Frequency of Incidental Positron
Emission Tomography diagnosis in patients with TC </summary>

<p>

![](Output%20Figures/ft_pet_overall-1.svg)<!-- -->

</p>

</details>

<br />

> MRI incidental diagnosis

<details>

<summary> Suppl. Figure 21: (FT) Frequency of Incidental Magnetic
Resonance Imaging diagnosis in patients with TC </summary>

<p>

![](Output%20Figures/ft_mri_overall-1.svg)<!-- -->

</p>

</details>

<br />

> Histology incidental diagnosis

<details>

<summary> Suppl. Figure 22: (FT) Frequency of Incidental histology
diagnosis in patients with TC </summary>

<p>

![](Output%20Figures/ft_histology_overall-1.svg)<!-- -->

</p>

</details>

<details>

<summary> Suppl. Figure 23: (FT) Frequency of Incidental histology
diagnosis in Male patients with TC </summary>

<p>

![](Output%20Figures/ft_histology_male-1.svg)<!-- -->

</p>

</details>

<details>

<summary> Suppl. Figure 24: (FT) Frequency of Incidental Histology
diagnosis in Female patients with TC </summary>

<p>

![](Output%20Figures/ft_histology_female-1.svg)<!-- -->

</p>

</details>

<details>

<summary> Suppl. Figure 25: (FT) Frequency of Incidental Histology
diagnosis in patients with TC and tumor size \>10mm </summary>

<p>

![](Output%20Figures/ft_histology_greater10-1.svg)<!-- -->

</p>

</details>

<details>

<summary> Suppl. Figure 26: (FT) Frequency of Incidental Histology
diagnosis in patients with TC and tumor size \<10mm </summary>

<p>

![](Output%20Figures/ft_histidental_less10-1.svg)<!-- -->

</p>

</details>

<details>

<summary> Suppl. Figure 27: (FT) Frequency of Incidental Histology
diagnosis in patients with TC from the USA </summary>

<p>

![](Output%20Figures/ft_histology_USA-1.svg)<!-- -->

</p>

</details>

<details>

<summary> Suppl. Figure 28: (FT) Frequency of Incidental Histology
diagnosis in patients with TC from a non-USA country </summary>

<p>

![](Output%20Figures/ft_histology_nonUSA-1.svg)<!-- -->

</p>

</details>

<details>

<summary> Suppl. Figure 29: (FT) Frequency of Incidental Histology
diagnosis in patients with TC from population based studies </summary>

<p>

![](Output%20Figures/ft_histology_pop-1.svg)<!-- -->

</p>

</details>

<details>

<summary> Suppl. Figure 30: (FT) Frequency of Incidental Histology
diagnosis in patients with TC from non-population-based studies
</summary>

<p>

![](Output%20Figures/ft_histology_nonpop-1.svg)<!-- -->

</p>

</details>

## Suppl. Figures using Generalized linear mixed models (GLMM) analysis

<br />

> Overall incidental diagnosis

<details>

<summary> Suppl. Figure 31: (GLMM) Frequency of Incidental diagnosis in
patients with TC </summary>

<p>

![](Output%20Figures/glmm_incidental_overall-1.svg)<!-- -->

</p>

</details>

<details>

<summary> Suppl. Figure 32: (GLMM) Frequency of Incidental diagnosis in
Male patients with TC </summary>

<p>

![](Output%20Figures/glmm_incidental_male-1.svg)<!-- -->

</p>

</details>

<details>

<summary> Suppl. Figure 33: (GLMM) Frequency of Incidental diagnosis in
Female patients with TC </summary>

<p>

![](Output%20Figures/glmm_incidental_female-1.svg)<!-- -->

</p>

</details>

<details>

<summary> Suppl. Figure 34: (GLMM) Frequency of Incidental diagnosis in
patients with TC and tumor size \>10mm </summary>

<p>

![](Output%20Figures/glmm_incidental_greater10-1.svg)<!-- -->

</p>

</details>

<details>

<summary> Suppl. Figure 35: (GLMM) Frequency of Incidental diagnosis in
patients with TC and tumor size \<10mm </summary>

<p>

![](Output%20Figures/glmm_incidental_less10-1.svg)<!-- -->

</p>

</details>

<details>

<summary> Suppl. Figure 36: (GLMM) Frequency of Incidental diagnosis in
patients with TC from the USA </summary>

<p>

![](Output%20Figures/glmm_incidental_USA-1.svg)<!-- -->

</p>

</details>

<details>

<summary> Suppl. Figure 37: (GLMM) Frequency of Incidental diagnosis in
patients with TC from a non-USA country </summary>

<p>

![](Output%20Figures/glmm_incidental_nonUSA-1.svg)<!-- -->

</p>

</details>

<details>

<summary> Suppl. Figure 38: (GLMM) Frequency of Incidental diagnosis in
patients with TC from population based studies </summary>

<p>

![](Output%20Figures/glmm_incidental_pop-1.svg)<!-- -->

</p>

</details>

<details>

<summary> Suppl. Figure 39: (GLMM) Frequency of Incidental diagnosis in
patients with TC from non-population-based studies </summary>

<p>

![](Output%20Figures/glmm_incidental_nonpop-1.svg)<!-- -->

</p>

</details>

<br />

> Imaging incidental diagnosis

<details>

<summary> Suppl. Figure 40: (GLMM) Frequency of Incidental diagnosis in
patients with TC </summary>

<p>

![](Output%20Figures/glmm_imaging_overall-1.svg)<!-- -->

</p>

</details>

<details>

<summary> Suppl. Figure 41: (GLMM) Frequency of Incidental imaging
diagnosis in Male patients with TC </summary>

<p>

![](Output%20Figures/glmm_imaging_male-1.svg)<!-- -->

</p>

</details>

<details>

<summary> Suppl. Figure 42: (GLMM) Frequency of Incidental imaging
diagnosis in Female patients with TC </summary>

<p>

![](Output%20Figures/glmm_imaging_female-1.svg)<!-- -->

</p>

</details>

<details>

<summary> Suppl. Figure 43: (GLMM) Frequency of Incidental imaging
diagnosis in patients with TC and tumor size \>10mm </summary>

<p>

![](Output%20Figures/glmm_imaging_greater10-1.svg)<!-- -->

</p>

</details>

<details>

<summary> Suppl. Figure 44: (GLMM) Frequency of Incidental imaging
diagnosis in patients with TC and tumor size \<10mm </summary>

<p>

![](Output%20Figures/glmm_imaging_less10-1.svg)<!-- -->

</p>

</details>

<details>

<summary> Suppl. Figure 45: (GLMM) Frequency of Incidental imaging
diagnosis in patients with TC from the USA </summary>

<p>

![](Output%20Figures/glmm_imaging_USA-1.svg)<!-- -->

</p>

</details>

<details>

<summary> Suppl. Figure 46: (GLMM) Frequency of Incidental imaging
diagnosis in patients with TC from a non-USA country </summary>

<p>

![](Output%20Figures/glmm_imaging_nonUSA-1.svg)<!-- -->

</p>

</details>

<details>

<summary> Suppl. Figure 47: (GLMM) Frequency of Incidental imaging
diagnosis in patients with TC from population based studies </summary>

<p>

![](Output%20Figures/glmm_imaging_pop-1.svg)<!-- -->

</p>

</details>

<details>

<summary> Suppl. Figure 48: (GLMM) Frequency of Incidental imaging
diagnosis in patients with TC from non-population-based studies
</summary>

<p>

![](Output%20Figures/glmm_imaging_nonpop-1.svg)<!-- -->

</p>

</details>

<br />

> Ultrasound incidental diagnosis

<details>

<summary> Suppl. Figure 49: (GLMM) Frequency of Incidental Ultrasound
diagnosis in patients with TC </summary>

<p>

![](Output%20Figures/glmm_ultrasound_overall-1.svg)<!-- -->

</p>

</details>

<br />

> CT incidental diagnosis

<details>

<summary> Suppl. Figure 50: (GLMM) Frequency of Incidental Computed
Tomography Scan diagnosis in patients with TC </summary>

<p>

![](Output%20Figures/glmm_CT_overall-1.svg)<!-- -->

</p>

</details>

<br />

> PET incidental diagnosis

<details>

<summary> Suppl. Figure 51: (GLMM) Frequency of Incidental Positron
Emission Tomography diagnosis in patients with TC </summary>

<p>

![](Output%20Figures/glmm_pet_overall-1.svg)<!-- -->

</p>

</details>

<br />

> MRI incidental diagnosis

<details>

<summary> Suppl. Figure 52: (GLMM) Frequency of Incidental Magnetic
Resonance Imaging diagnosis in patients with TC </summary>

<p>

![](Output%20Figures/glmm_mri_overall-1.svg)<!-- -->

</p>

</details>

<br />

> Histology incidental diagnosis

<details>

<summary> Suppl. Figure 53: (GLMM) Frequency of Incidental histology
diagnosis in patients with TC </summary>

<p>

![](Output%20Figures/glmm_histology_overall-1.svg)<!-- -->

</p>

</details>

<details>

<summary> Suppl. Figure 54: (GLMM) Frequency of Incidental histology
diagnosis in Male patients with TC </summary>

<p>

![](Output%20Figures/glmm_histology_male-1.svg)<!-- -->

</p>

</details>

<details>

<summary> Suppl. Figure 55: (GLMM) Frequency of Incidental Histology
diagnosis in Female patients with TC </summary>

<p>

![](Output%20Figures/glmm_histology_female-1.svg)<!-- -->

</p>

</details>

<details>

<summary> Suppl. Figure 56: (GLMM) Frequency of Incidental Histology
diagnosis in patients with TC and tumor size \>10mm </summary>

<p>

![](Output%20Figures/glmm_histology_greater10-1.svg)<!-- -->

</p>

</details>

<details>

<summary> Suppl. Figure 57: (GLMM) Frequency of Incidental Histology
diagnosis in patients with TC and tumor size \<10mm </summary>

<p>

![](Output%20Figures/glmm_histidental_less10-1.svg)<!-- -->

</p>

</details>

<details>

<summary> Suppl. Figure 58: (GLMM) Frequency of Incidental Histology
diagnosis in patients with TC from the USA </summary>

<p>

![](Output%20Figures/glmm_histology_USA-1.svg)<!-- -->

</p>

</details>

<details>

<summary> Suppl. Figure 59: (GLMM) Frequency of Incidental Histology
diagnosis in patients with TC from a non-USA country </summary>

<p>

![](Output%20Figures/glmm_histology_nonUSA-1.svg)<!-- -->

</p>

</details>

<details>

<summary> Suppl. Figure 60: (GLMM) Frequency of Incidental Histology
diagnosis in patients with TC from population based studies </summary>

<p>

![](Output%20Figures/glmm_histology_pop-1.svg)<!-- -->

</p>

</details>

<details>

<summary> Suppl. Figure 61: (GLMM) Frequency of Incidental Histology
diagnosis in patients with TC from non-population-based studies
</summary>

<p>

![](Output%20Figures/glmm_histology_nonpop-1.svg)<!-- -->

</p>

</details>
